>start<|fairy.txt|fairy ring locations|1.1|param
AJR	Slayer Cave	Arrive outside and slightly west of cave. Rellekka (Fremennik village) to west.
AIQ	Mudskipper Point	Mogre slayer area. Rimmington to north, Port Sarim to northeast.
AJS	Penguin Island	Small Island with only Penguins, located north-west of Miscellania.
AKQ	Woodland Hunting Area (Piscatoris)	Piscatoris Fishing colony to the north, falconry training ground to the east & hunting area to the south-east.
BLQ	Yu'biusk	Requires Land of the Goblins quest.
CIP	Miscellania	On the far west of the Island, just north of the Castle.
DKS	Fremennik Province	By the entrance to Keldagrim, south of snow-hunting area, and east of Rellekka.
CJR	Sinclair Mansion Eastern Ring	Arrive by Maple Trees. South to Seers Village, north to Rellekka.
DJR	Sinclair Mansion Western Ring	Arrive by Maple Trees. South to Seers Village, north to Rellekka.
ALS	McGrubor's Wood	North-west of Seers Village.
BLR	Legend's Guild	Arrive just outside Legend's Guild, South-west to Ardougne, north to Seers Village.	legends
BIS	Ardougne Zoo	Arrive in the Unicorn Cage in Ardougne Zoo.
DJP	Necromancer's Tower	North-west to Ardougne.
CIQ	South of Tree Gnome Maze	South-east to Yanille, west to Castle Wars.
CLS	Hazelmere's Hut	East to Yanille.
BKP	Forest south of Castle Wars	North to Castle Wars, east to Gu'tanoth.
AKS	Feldip Hills	Arrive in the middle of Feldip Hills, South-east of the Gnome Glider.
ALR	Abyss	A single-combat area of the Abyss, with only abyssal monsters. You can not runecraft here, and you do not lose prayer or get skulled upon entry.
DKR	East of Edgeville	Arrive by the Canoe. Go east to get to the Grand exchange or west over the bridge to get to edgeville.
DIS	Wizard's Tower	Due south of the Wizard's Tower. Cross the bridge north to arrive at Draynor Village.
DIR	Gorak Area	Area containing level 145 Goraks. Melee Prayer does not work here.
BKQ	Nature Grove	Area with Stags, Rabbits, a Waterfall and Trees which become Tree Spirits upon chopping.
CKP	Star Flower Area	Area to collect Star Flowers for the Magic Essence Potion.
BJR	Fisher King's Realm	Requires starting the Holy Grail quest. Exit to Brimhaven is south. There is a Gold Mine nearby the exit.
BLP	Tz-haar Caves	North to the Furnace, exit to Karamja Volcano is to the west.
DKP	Karambwan Fishing Area	Arrive on east Karamja, south of the Karambwan vessel fishing area.
CKR	Tai Bwo Wannai Lake	Arrive just south of the Tai Bwo Wannai Lake, used to fish Karambwanji fish.
DLS	Swamp Island	No features *dead end*.
CKS	Morytania	Arrive next to a mushroom patch in Morytania. West of Canifis, South of Slayer Tower.
BKR	Mort Myre Swamp	Arrive in the northern area of Mort Myre Swamp, just south of the Gate.
BIQ	Kharidian Desert	Between Shantay Pass & the Kalphite Lair.
DLQ	Desert Lizards	Arrive among the Desert Lizards in the Kharidian Desert, north-east of Pollnivneach.
AIR	Tropical Island	No features *dead end*.
BIP	Salve River Island	No features *dead end*.
CLP	Island	No features *dead end*.
DLR	Mort Myre Island	No features *dead end*.
BJQ	Ancient Cavern	Waterfiends in the Ancient Caverns. (You must use 5 mushrooms and a spade on the middle of the ring to unlock it.)
AJQ	Dorgesh-Kaan South Dungeon	Agility course. Requires Death to the Dorgeshuun.
ALP	A cavern in the Gu'Tanoth region.	After Fairy Tale Part III. Gu'Tanoth to the east and Castle Wars to the north.
CLR	Ape Atoll cliff	After Fairy Tale Part III you can teleport here and unblock the log, giving access to the Ape Atoll Agility course.
ALQ	Haunted Woods	West of Port Phasmatys and south of the farming patch.
DIP	Mos Le'harmless	Island south of Trouble Brewing minigame. (You need 8 regular planks and 16 nails to repair the bridges to access Mos Le'harmless.)
