46 is my number|Sapphire respawn, level 46 wilderness.
'A bag belt only?'|Speak with Abbot Langley in the Monastery Northwest of Barbarian Village.
Aggie I see|Dig under the Southern window in Aggie the witch's house in Draynor Village.
A great view - watch the rapidly drying hides get splashed. |House Northeast of Baxtorian Falls, upstairs in one of the boxes.
A town with a different sort of nightlife is your destination.|Clothes shop in Canifis, search the boxes. You must have completed the Priest in Peril Quest to enter Canifis.
And so on, and so on, and so on.|On Etceteria island (East of Miscellania), dig where the 3 roads meet. You must have completed the Fremennik Trials Quest to take the boat to Etceteria.
A crate in the tower of a church is your next location.|Church in East Ardougne, go up the ladder.
Beware of dog|Go kill a guard dog to get the key for the drawers.
Barbarians rule ok|Go kill a male barbarian in Barbarian Village to get the key for the chest.
Come to the evil ledge Yew know you want to And try not to get stung|Edgeville, dig East of the yew tree to the South.
Citric Cellar|Speak to Heckel Funch, Grand Tree, owner of the gnome cocktail ingredients shop (upstairs to the East).
Covered in shadows, the center of the circle is where you will find the answer.|Mort'ton, dig a few steps South of the Mort'ton General Store. You must have at least started the Nature Spirit Quest to enter Mort Myre Swamp to get to Mort'ton.
Don't forget to feed the chickens|Kill some chickens to get the key for the drawers.
Dig near some giant mushrooms behind the Grand Tree.|Gnome Stronghold, dig on the West side of the bigger mushroom on the Northwest side of the Grand Tree.
Find a bar with a centre fountain in its city. Go upstairs and get changed.|Blue Moon Inn in Varrock. Go upstairs and search the drawers. Go to Handlemort Mansion in Ardougne (Southeast of the North bank) and kill a guard dog for the key to the drawers.
Find a crate close to the monks who like to paaarty.|Monastery Southeast of the Clocktower. Search the crate inside against the South wall, in the East room.
Four blades I have yet draw no blood; Still I turn my prey to powder.|Top of the windmill between Lumbridge and Draynor Village, search crate.
Generally speaking, his nose was very bent|Speak with General Bentnoze in the Goblin Village north of Falador.
Go the the village being attacked by trolls, search the drawers in one of the houses|Dunstan's house (blacksmith) to the East of the Castle in Burthope. Go to the pub just to the Southwest, and kill Penda for the key to the drawers.
Go to this building to be illuminated, and search the drawers while you are there.|Search the drawers to the East in the Lighthouse. Go to the marketplace in Rellekka and kill a Fremennik guard for the key.
His head might be hollow, but the crates nearby are filled with surprises.|Search the crates to the West of the Golem at the ruins of Uzer, in the desert Southeast of the Shantay Pass.
I am a token of the greatest love.|Downstairs the West bank in Varrock, dig by the gate.
Identify the back of this over-acting brother.|Dueling Arena monk.
If a man carried my burden he would break his back|It's a snail, talk to Gerrant at the fish shop in Port Sarim.
If you look closely enough, it seems that the archers have lost more than their needles.|Search the haystack near the Southeast fence in the Ranger's Guild in Hemenster.
I lie lonely and forgotten in mid wilderness|Go to the Graveyard of Shadows in the wilderness (level 20) and pick up the crossbow. Dig in the exact spot where the crossbow was.
I'm guarding the key at the market|Kill a Fremennik guard in Rellekka's marketplace to get the key for the drawers.
In a village made of bamboo look for some crates under one of the houses.|Tai Bwo Wannai Village
In a town where everyone has perfect vision, seek some locked drawers in a house that sits opposite a workshop.|Seers Village, house across the street (South) from the anvil house where you make the shield for the Elemental Workshop quest.
In a town where the guards are armed with maces, search the upstairs room of the Public House.|Drawers in the Ardougne Tavern's second floor, North of the Ardougne Castle. Go kill a guard dog for the key to the drawers.
In a town where thieves steal from stalls, search for some drawers upstairs of a house near the bank.|House south of the North bank in Ardougne, second floor, search the drawers. Go kill a guard for the key to the drawers.
In a town where wizards are known to gather, search upstairs in a large house to the north.|House north of the Magic Guild in Yanille, second floor. Go downstairs and kill the level 2 man to get the key for the chest.
It's a guard's life|Kill a guard to get the key for the drawers.
It seems to have reached the end of the line, and its still empty.|Dwarven Mine. Search one of the empty carts to the Southeast, where the scorpions are.
Mine was the strangest birth under the sun.|Dig at Red spiders eggs in the Karamja Volcano (dig)
Must be full of railings.|Search the boxes in the Northwest corner of Captain Lawgof's hut, at the Dwarf Cannon quest start.
My Giant guardians below the market streets would be fans of rock and roll|Dig beside the cauldron (big pot) in the Varrock sewers at the Moss Giants.
My home is grey and made of stone|Drawers on the second floor of Lumbridge Castle, in the room with the spinning wheel.
My name is like a tree, yet it is spelled with a "g" come see the fur which is right near me.|Speak with Wilough (the child near Baerek the fur merchant) in Varrock Market.
Often sought out by scholars of histories past|Examiner at the digsite.
One of the sailors in Port Sarim is your next destination.|Speak to Captain Tobias in Port Sarim, East of the Fishing Shop.
One of the wizards might have the key...|Kill a wizard in the Wizards' Tower South of Draynor village to get the key for the drawers.
Property of Black Heather|Kill Black Heather in the Bandit Camp (wild) to get the key for the chest.
Property of the Clocktower Monastery|Kill a monk at the Monastery just Southeast of the Clocktower to get the key for the chest.
Probably filled with wizards' socks|Search the drawers in the lowest level of the Wizards' Tower South of Draynor. Just kill a wizard to get the key for the drawers.
Probably filled with books on magic|Search the bookcases on the lowest level of the Wizards' Tower South of Draynor Village, where Sedridor the wizard lives.
Read "How to breed scorpions." by O.W.Thathurt.|Staff enchanter Thormac's tower South of Seers' Village. Search the bookcase on the 2nd floor.
Search the upstairs drawers of a house in a village where pirates are known to have a good time.|House across from the bar in Brimhaven. Go outside and kill a pirate to get the key for the drawers.
Search the drawers on the first floor of a house overlooking Ardougne Market.|House to the North of Ardougne Market, right behind the North silk stall. Go up the ladder to find the chest of drawers.
Search the chest in the Duke of Lumbridge's bedroom.|Upstairs in Lumbridge Castle, Duke Horacio's bedroom.
Search the boxes in the goblin house near Lumbridge.|The house where all the goblins are, Northeast of Lumbridge, next to the fishing spots.
Search the crates near a cart in Varrock.|Outside on the Varrock Palace grounds, just East of the Palace's front door. East of the circular pathway.
Search the chests upstairs of shops in Port Sarim.|Port Sarim Food Shop, upstairs.
Search the tents in the Imperial Guard Camp in Burthorpe for some boxes.|South part of Burthorpe, the most Northwestern tent where the Imperial Guards are training. Search the boxes.
Search inside the drawers next to the spinning wheel in a building on the left side of the road walking to Hemenster.|Seers' Village, 2nd house to the South across the street from the bank. Spinning wheel and drawers are upstairs.
Search the crates in the Guard House of the Northern Gate of East Ardougne.|The Guard House is just inside the most Eastern North gate (there are three North gates), a little to the East.
Speak to the staff in Sinclair Mansion.|Speak to Louisa the maid in Sinclair Mansion, North of Camelot Castle.
"Shiver me timbers!"|Kill a pirate to get the key for the drawers.
'Small Shoe' often found with rod on mushroom.|Speak to one of the Gnome trainers at the agility arena in the Gnome Stronghold.
Snah? I feel all confused like one of those cakes...|Speak with Hans in Lumbridge Castle.
Someone watching the fights in the Duel Arena is your next destination.|Speak to Jeed (female) in the middle of the Duel Arena East of Al-Kharid.
Speak to a referee.|Speak to a referee at the Gnome-Ball course in the Gnome Stronghold.
**Stand by your man.|Kill the man downstairs to get the key for the chest.
Surprising? I bet he is...|Talk with Sir Prysin on the ground floor of Varrock Castle.
This aviator is at the peak of his profession|Speak to the gnome on White Wolf's mountain, at the gnome glider.
The beasts to my east snap claws and tails|Dig at the torch between the penguins and scorpions in Ardougne Zoo.
The crate in the ground floor of a church is your next location.|Crate next to the ladder in the church in East Ardougne.
The Keeper of Melzars... Spare? Skeleton? Anar?|Speak with Oziach (the seller of rune plates), north of the Barbarian Village, west of Edgeville.
There is no "worthier" lord.|Lord Iowerth in the elven camp. You must have started the Regicide Quest and have at least level agility 56 to access this area.
The dead red dragon watches over this chest. He must really dig the view.|Search the chest across the room facing the dragon's head in the Digsite building where the archeological expert is. Go kill a male barbarian in Barbarian Village for the key.
This village has a problem with cartloads of the undead.|Shilo Village, search the bookcase in the house on the North side of the river.
The cheapest water for miles around but they react badly with religious icons.|Bandit camp in the desert South of Al-Kharid, search the boxes in the general store.
This crate holds a better reward than a broken arrow.|Search the crates behind the armour salesman in the Ranger's Guild.
This crate is mine, all mine, even if it is in the middle of the desert.|Search the crate next to the mining cart in the Desert Mining Camp, in the desert to the South of Al-Kharid.
Try not to step on any aquatic nasties while searching this crate.|Sea slug fishing platform, search the crate inside the house to the West (the house with the range).
Wait til I get my hands on Penda, he's nicked the key again|Go to the bar Southwest of Dunstan's house and kill Penda for the key to the drawers.
When no weapons are at hand, now it is time to reflect|Drawers in the house with glassblowing pipe spawn on Entrana
When you get tired of fighting, go deep, deep down until you need an antidote.|Yanille Agility Dungeon, downstairs. Go down into the area with the poison spiders and search the crate next to the stairs leading up.
You'll need to look for a town with a central fountain.|Chest in Varrock chapel. Go to the Monastery just Southeast of the Clocktower and kill a monk for the key.
You will need to under-cook to solve this one.|Search the crates in the Lumbridge Castle's basement
You have all of the elements available to solve this clue.|Search the crates downstairs in the anvil house to the West of the Bank in Seers' Village, the same house where you do the Elemental Workshop quest. The crates are just to the North of the anvil bench closest to the Air Elemental room where the bellows are.
After a hard slays spraying the vegetation, why not pop off to the nearby forge and search the crates?|Lost City, near the furnace.
After trawling for bars, go to the nearest place to smith them and dig by the door.|Port Khazard smithy, dig right outside door.
As you desert this town,keep an eye out for a set of spinesthat could ruin nearby rugs: dig carefully around the greenery.|Nardah, just west of the magic carpet guy, dig near two cacti.
Being this far north has meant that these crates have escaped being battled over.|In the Ruins on the north side of Khazard Battlefield, just south of West Ardougne's walls.
Brush off the sand and then dig in the quarry. There is a wheel handy barrow to the east. Don't worry, its coal to dig there - in fact, it's all oclay.|Desert Granite Quarry near Enakhra's Lament start point. Dig near wheelbarrow.
By the town of the dead, walk south down a rickety bridge, then dig near the slime-covered tree.|Just west of the northern entrance to Port Phasmatys there is a small bridge. Cross it and the tree is closest to you.
Dig here if you are not feeling too well after travelling through the desert. Ali heartily recommends it.|Dig next to the well in Pollnivneach near Ali the Mayor.
Don't try to skip here, it's too muddy. You'll feel like a star if you dig here, though.|Dig on the starfish south of the Mudskipper Fairy Ring.
For any aspiring mage, I'm sure searching this bookcase will be a rewarding experience.|Search the bookcase on the east wall next to the rewards guardian in the Mage Training Arena.
Hay! Stop and admire the scenery, just like the tourism promoter says.|At the Inn at the bottom of Baxtorian falls, search the hay bale inside the round building.
If you didn't want to be here and in danger, you should lever things well enough alone.|Pull the wildy lever in Ardougne, then dig. Beware of revenants.
Navigating to this crate will be a trial.|South Rellekka, Swensen the Navigator's house, search the crate.
North of the best monkey restaurant on Karamja, look for the centre of the triangle of boats and search there.|The "monkey restaurant" is the banana plantation on Karamja. The dock next to it has a crate and 3 boats.
Observe: in the crate just north of the stairs leading down, you will find the answer.|Inside the Observatory north of Castle Wars, there is a crate north of the "stairs leading down" (back out of the Observatory).
Sophind yourself some treasure by searching these boxes.|Search the stacked boxes by the bridge in Sophanem, north of the altar.
The gnomes' nearby cart must have collapsed under the weight of all the treasure in these boxes!|West of the Making History quest start (south of Gnome Stronghold), it's the boxes west of the cart.
The owner of this crate has a hunch that he put more than fish inside.|Beach south of Brimhaven where Lubufu is fishing for karambwan.
The rock cakes to the south are definitely more edible than the two rocks I buried the treasure between.|In Gu´Tanoth, dig between two heaps of rocks just north of the Rock cake stall. (Requires starting Watchtower quest.)
The socks in these drawers are holier than thine, according to the tonsured owners.|Northeast corner of the Monastery (west of Edgeville). You will need to kill a Zamorak monk to get a key. (Chaos Temple west of Goblin Village is one location.)
The treasure is buried in a small house full of bones. Here's a Hint: It's not near a graveyard.|South west house at Rag and Bone Man quest start (north of limestone mine on road east of Varrock to Salve Temple). Dig just south of box of bones.
This crate clearly marks the end of the line for coal.|Search the crate to the north of the entrance to the coal trucks area in Seers Village.
This cupboard has treasure, pirate pots and corsair cutlery!|Search the cupboard in the kitchen east of the Dead Man's Chest pirate bar in Brimhaven.
This temple is rather sluggish. The chest just inside the entrance, however, is filled with goodies.|"Family Crest" (and slug) dungeon east of Ardougne, west of Witchaven. The chest is just inside the door.
Throat mage seeks companionship. Seek answers inside my furniture if interested.|Search the drawers upstairs in the Necromancer's Tower south of Ardougne.
Try not to let yourself be dazzled when you search these drawers.|East Ardougne (near the gate to West Ardougne) search the drawers in Jimmy Dazzler's house near the pub.
While a sea view is nice, it seems this church has not seen visitors in a while. Dig outside the rim of the window for a reward.|Dig outside the big window (west side) at Rimmington church.
You'll need to have dug deep into the distant past to get to these sacks.|At the digsite use a rope with the northeast winch and search the sacks on the northwest wall. (Requires Digsite quest.)
You can cook food on me, but don't cook any foodles - that would just be wrong.|Fire near Captain Klemfoodle at Karamja glider location.
You don't need to go hopping mad - or take steps - to get to this treasure: just be totally shellfish.|North of Barbarian Outpost near the jumping stones, dig on the shell on the ground.
You will need to wash the old ash off your spade when you dig here, but the only water nearby is stagnant.|Dig near the Stagnant Lake on Braindeath Island. (Requires starting Rum Deal quest.)
Though I'm light, I can not illuminate the dark.|Feather
Completed I can make you dead, but currently I have no head.|Headless Arrow
I am water that brings fire to your heart.|Firebreath whiskey
Without me, a deathslinger is merely a gorajo with a stick.|Bowstring
Though my friends fly high, I was always destined to protect.|Novite kiteshield
Remove my yellow skin, and dine on me within.|Banana
While many call me mould, some call me savoury.|Gissel mushroom
The slowest of assassins, I'm at home on your blade or in your drink.|Weapon Poison
From your veins I flow, from essence did I grow.|Blood Rune
Born through fire, I'm lost in winds and muddied in water.|Ashes
Sticks and stones may break me, exercise may ache me.|Bones
I demonstrate faith in a dark god.|Unholy Symbol
Without me you cannot survive / would perish, but fill a room with me and you would surely die.|Vial of Water
I am cursed with but one eye. And from Haystacks I will spy.|Needle
A serpent am I, yet on land I would die.|Any Eel
I pluck the denizens of the sea, to serve a salty sailor's tea.|Fly fishing rod
I can get you almost anything you want, but with no one to accept me, I am worthless.|Coins
The blunt force I provide is surprisingly constructive.|Hammer