COORD	0000N 0713W	Southern part of Isafdar, northeast of Tyras Camp. You must have started the Regicide Quest and have level 56 agility to access this area. (The charter ship may be convenient.) Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0005S 0113E	To theW of the Gnome Maze on the river's edge. Directly across the river from the Observatory (not far from Fairy Ring CIQ).
COORD	0013S 1358E	Between the two lakes on Karamja,W of the banana plantation and general store.
COORD	0018S 0928E	Southwest of Brimhaven in gold mine (near dungeon entrance).
COORD	0020S 2315E	Lumbridge Swamp, directly to theSeast of the Water Altar, about 12 steps to theN of theSern shore.
COORD	0030N 2416E	In Lumbridge Swamp go to the shack for the Lost City (Zanaris), and headNeast until you see an open area with rocks on the ground. It's easy to spot once you see the area.
COORD	0031S 1743E	Near entrance to the Ice caves (and Thurgo's smithing shack),S of Falador and south of Port Sarim.
COORD	0052N 0058E	Small goblin villageNeast of the Observatory. Dig outside the northeast building.
COORD	0054N 0007E	Inside the Observatory office building,Neast corner of the main room.
COORD	0118S 1415E	Northwest of the Shipyard on Karamja, mostNwest tip of the island (near Fairy Ring DKP). Level 2.
COORD	0124N 0805W	From the Elven camp in Tirannwn, goS over the log bridge, thenW into the area where the rabbits/bears are. Go a littleSwest. There's a stick trap there; dig just past the stick trap. You must have started the Regicide Quest and have level 56 agility to access this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0126N 0801E	Moss Giant Island,W of Brimhaven. You need level 10 agility to use the rope swing to get to the island.
COORD	0133N 0415E	North of Fight Arena, south of Clock Tower.
COORD	0135S 0728E	Green Spider Island, East of Yanille (convenient to Fairy Ring CLS).
COORD	0246N 2911E	Duel Arena. Need a friend to duel, select obstacles; no Saradomin wizard attack here.
COORD	0248N 2230E	Go east following the dirt road that starts next to the Draynor Jail until you come to H.A.M. Headquarters (the abandoned house with all the small spiders.) Dig next to the plant outside theNwest wall of the house.
COORD	0250N 0620E	A bit south of Ardougne, on the East coast, north of the Tower of Life and Necromancer Tower. There's a small outcrop toward the water with a willow tree on it. Dig on theNeast side of the tree.
COORD	0335S 1335E	Northeast of the Nature Altar and the Karamja Jungle mine. Level 2.
COORD	0345S 2245E	North edge of the pond in the Kharidian Desert Bedabin camp. (Magic Carpet is very helpful.) Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0400S 1246E	Karamja Jungle mine, to theNwest of the Nature Altar, in the centre of the mining area.
COORD	0403S 0311E	Ogre City, in the centre on theEern side. You must have started the Watchtower Quest to access this area. Some players get asked for 20gp to reach this area. Go up the ramp to the gate, all the way south along theWern wall, and jump two obstacles to reach this dead end area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0405S 0424E	The coordinates are located on the small islandE of Ogre City, between the spear wall and the dead tree. However, to get to that island, you have to walk around the outside of Gu'Tanoth (Ogre City) until you get to the bottom. Start on the Castle Wars side (West side of Gu'Tanoth) and goS until you reach the bottom corner. Then start walkingE. Not too far from theSwestern corner, you'll see a dungeon entrance just beyond a some ruins near the slope. Go inside the cave, and you'll instantly appear on the island. No quests are required to get onto the island.
COORD	0413N 1245E	Crandor, near the broken walls and pillars and scorpions toward the northeast. You must have at least started the Dragonslayer Quest to get onto Crandor Island.
COORD	0416S 1616E	Karamja Shipyard, east of theSernmost house. Dig right against the house wall under the east window. The password to the Shipyard is ka-lu-min, but you must have started the Grand Tree Quest to access this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0441N 0309W	Arandar,S of the winding path to Prifddinas, amidst the red spider egg spawns. You must have at least started the Regicide Quest and have level 56 agility to access this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0520S 0428E	In Feldip Hills, north of the fairy ring (AKS), between the two rockslides, north-west of Rantz.
COORD	0537N 3115E	Mort Myre Swamp, on the Nature Grotto island, justN of the tree. You must have started the Nature Spirit Quest to get into Mort Myre Swamp. If you bring food, bring druid pouch(es). Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0543N 2305E	North of the windmill between north of Lumbridge, inside the fenced area with the cows.Seast side of the bridge spanning the river to Varrock.
COORD	0550S 1005E	Cairn Isle, inside the ruined building. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0600S 2148E	In the Kharidian desert to theW of the Bandit camp, on the tip of the peninsula. Dig 3 steps to theW of the cactus. You must have at least started the Tourist Trap Quest to get to this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0611S 1507E	Karamja Jungle, southwest of glider area towards the river where the jogres are. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0631N 0146W	Southwest outside the Gnome Stronghold, at the 3 ponds (north of the Ancient Gate to Arandar). Dig between the two most Eastern ponds.
COORD	0705N 3056E	Mort Myre Swamp, directly across the river from the digsite, well south andW of the swamp gate entrance, one pondS of the fishing spots pond. Find the dead tree and dig next to it. You must have started the Nature Spirit Quest to get into Mort Myre Swamp. If you bring food, bring druid pouch(es).
COORD	0733N 1500E	PeninsulaS of Taverly tree patch, near the Lady of the Lake from Merlin's Crystal Quest, amidst the willow trees.
COORD	0743S 1226E	South edge of Kharazi Jungle pond. You must have started the Legends Quest to get into the Kharazi Jungle, and carry a machete and hatchet. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0803N 3116E	Mort Myre Swamp, across the river from the digsite, straight south of the swamp gate entrance, northeast of the fishing spots pond. You must have started the Nature Spirit Quest to get into Mort Myre Swamp. If you bring food, bring druid pouch(es). Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0805S 1556E	Kharazi Jungle, towards the east coast, just north of the last totem pole. You must have started the Legends Quest and bring a machete and hatchet to get into the Kharazi Jungle. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0826S 1028E	Kharazi Jungle, on the small peninsula in the mostSwestern corner. Dig 2 stepsN of the corpse. You must have started the Legends Quest and bring a machete and hatchet to get into the Kharazi Jungle. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	0833N 0139W	Inside the Tree Gnome Stronghold, on the other side of the river to theW. Cross the bridge into the terrorbird enclosure, and go out theNeastern gate. Dig a little to theSeast of the gate towards the water.
COORD	0933N 0215E	Baxtorian Falls, on the second island in the river, bring a rope. Use a raft to get to the first island, then use a rope with the rock on the second island to get to the second island. Dig next to the dead tree. You must have at least started the Waterfall Quest to get to the second island. Level 2.
COORD	0948N 1739E	Ice Mountain to theN of the Dwarven Mine entrance, centre of theSern side of the mountain amongst the icefiends.
COORD	1022N 0858E	Outside, next to theEern wall of the anvil house in Seers' Village. If you go inside the house and find the stool that's next to theE wall, the spot is just on the other side of the wall.
COORD	1103N 3120E	Morytania, south of the Slayer tower, a little to theE of the gate in the fence, near a double root sticking out of the ground. You must have completed the Priest in Peril Quest to get into Morytania. Level 2.
COORD	1105N 0045W	Tree Gnome Stronghold, in the toad and worm swamp northwest of the Grand Tree.
COORD	1107N 1224E	White Wolf mountain,Nwest of the glider in the valley between the two dungeon markers, next to the rocks (pickaxe not required for clue).
COORD	1141N 1458E	Burthorpe, between the picnic tables in the pub's fenced outdoor area.
COORD	1248N 2020E	Northeast of the Air Obelisk (reached by travelling through wilderness section of Edgeville dungeon.) It's 3 paces east of the ladder. Beware of revenants, this is level 7 wilderness. Zamorak wizard will attack.
COORD	1346N 2101E	Level 11 Wilderness,N of Edgeville. Near the bears and the bronze arrow respawn, dig in the middle of the 4 mushrooms. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	1454N 0913E	Southwest side of the swaying lyre tree east of Rellekka, northwest of golden apple tree, southwest of mountain camp.
COORD	1603N 1407E	Just above the entrance to Mad Eadgar's cave at the peak of Trollheim. You must have started the Troll Stronghold Quest to reach this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	1631N 1254E	Troll marketplaceW of Trollheim, at the bottom of the ramp leading into the Stronghold itself. Dig next to the sleeping troll. You must have started the Troll Stronghold Quest to reach this area. Saradomin wizard will attack.
COORD	1635N 2701E	Level 22 Wilderness, north of the black salamander Hunter area,E of the Clan Wars starting area and south of Clan Wars arena itself. Dig near the centre of the 3 volcanoes. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	1643N 1913E	Inside Bandit Camp in level 23 Wilderness, north end of the east wall at pond. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	1750N 0830E	Near dock outside Rellekka to the northeast,W of the quest start point, on a seaweed spawn at the water's edge. Saradomin mage will attack.
COORD	1803N 2516E	Level 28 Wilderness Ruins located between the Wilderness volcano (former Bounty Hunter minigame) and Clan Wars areas. Clue is north of the eastern building. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	1822N 1633E	Level 29 Wilderness,Swest section of the Forgotten Cemetery, where the level 2 men are. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	1943N 2507E	Level 35 Wilderness, between Clan Wars and Red Dragon Isle, north of "Eastern" Ruins and Graveyard of Shadows. There are Chaos Dwarves and rocks. Dig in the middle of the 4 large, white rocks. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	2005N 2152E	(North of the Moss Giants) in level 36 Wilderness north of the Wilderness volcano (former Bounty Hunter minigame), southwest of Red Dragon Isle, southeast of Lava Maze. The exact spot is a little to theN of the small pond. Zamorak mage will attack.
COORD	2007N 1833E	Level 36 Wilderness, Hobgoblin Mine. Three stepsW of the large cluster of iron rocks forming the east edge. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2033N 1548E	AltarS of Ice Giants in level 38 Wilderness, southwest of Lava Maze, outside of the building on the farW (southwest) side. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2124N 1754E	Inside the Lesser Demon pen on theW side of the Lava Maze in level 41 Wilderness, about 2 stepsSwest of ladder. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2230N 0301E	Miscellania, on the path to theNern mining area. Dig right before the end of the path. You must have completed the Fremennik Trials Quest to take the boat to Miscellania.
COORD	2235N 1918E	Rune rocks in level 46 Wilderness, on theN side of the Lava Maze. Dig on theW side of theNernmost rock. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2245N 2633E	Demonic ruins in level 47 Wilderness, north of Clan Wars. Dig inside the building, one pace south of the burnt bones next to the large rib cage. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2424N 2624E	Rogues' Castle in level 53 Members Wilderness, directly to theN of theN tower. Be on the lookout for the level 305 Chaos Elemental, who likes to hide on theW side of the Castle. Get too close, and he will attack you! Zamorak Mage will attack when you dig.
COORD	2456N 2228E	North of the entrance to the Ardougne Teleport House area (Deserted Keep) in level 55 Members Wilderness. Dig a little to theNeast of the cobweb. Remember to bring a knife or a slash weapon to cut the cobwebs at the entrance. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2458N 1843E	Northwest corner outside the Pirate's Hall in level 56 Members Wilderness, facing the water. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2503N 1705E	Northwest outside the level 56 Members Wilderness agility course, towards the northern edge, close to the fence and the water. Zamorak Mage will attack.
COORD	2503N 2324E	Axe Hut in level 56 Members Wilderness, located northeast of Ardy teleport lever area; one stepW outside theN door. Zamorak Mage will attack.

URI	Beckon in Tai Bwo Wannai. Clap before you talk to me. Equip green dragonhide chaps, a ring of duelling, and a mithril medium helmet.	Green Dragonhide Chaps, Ring of Duelling, Mithril Medium Helmet	Tai Bwo Wannai on Karamja.
URI	Beckon in the digsite near the eastern winch. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a green gnome hat, snakeskin boots, and iron pickaxe.	Green gnome hat, Snakeskin Boots,Iron Pickaxe	Eastern Winch in the Digsite. There are iron pickaxes available if you descend down it.
URI	Blow a kiss between the tables in Shilo Village bank. Beware of double agents! Equip a blue mystic hat, bone spear, and rune plate body.	Blue Mystic Hat, Bone Spear, Rune Platebody	In Shilo Village bank, between the two tables. You must have at least started the Shilo Village Quest to enter Shilo Village.
URI	Blow a raspberry at the monkey cage in Ardougne Zoo. Equip a studded leather body, bronze platelegs, and a normal staff with no orb.	Studded leather body, Bronze platelegs, Staff (can buy in Varrock shop or Mage Guild)	Facing the monkey cage in Ardougne Zoo.
URI	Blow a raspberry in the Fishing Guild bank. Beware of double agents! Equip an elemental shield, blue dragonhide chaps, and rune warhammer.	Elemental Shield, Blue D'hide Chaps, Rune Warhammer	Anywhere in Fishing Guild Bank. You must have at least level 68 fishing to enter the Fishing Guild.
URI	Blow raspberries outside the entrance to Keep Le Faye. Equip a coif, an iron platebody, and leather gloves.	Coif, Iron Platebody, Leather Gloves	Keep Le Faye
URI	Bow at the top of the lighthouse. Beware of double agents! Equip a blue dragonhide body, blue dragonhide vambraces, and no jewelry.	Blue D'hide Body, Blue D'hide Vambraces, No Jewelry	The lighthouse Southwest of Rellekka. You must have at least started the Horror from the Deep Quest to enter the lighthouse.
URI	Bow in the ticket office of the Duel Arena. Equip an iron chain body, leather chaps, and a coif.	Iron Chainbody, Leather Chaps, Coif	Building just North of the Duel Arena gate in Al-Kharid.
URI	Bow outside the entrance to the Legend's Guild. Equip iron platelegs, an emerald amulet, and an oak longbow.	Iron Platelegs, Emerald Amulet, Oak Longbow	Legend's Guild gate, outside.
URI	Cheer at the games room. Have nothing equipped at all when you do.	Absolutely nothing	Inside the Games Room in Burthorpe.
URI	Cheer at the Druid's Circle. Equip a blue wizard hat, a bronze two-handed sword, and HAM Boots.	Blue Wizard Hat, Bronze 2h Sword, HAM boots	Druid's Circle in Taverly, just to the Northwest of the Members gate to Falador.
URI	Cheer in the Barbarian Agility Arena. Headbang before you talk to me. Equip a steel plate body, maple shortbow, and a Wilderness cape.	Steel Platebody, Maple Shortbow, any Wilderness Cape	Anywhere inside the Barbarian Agility Arena.
URI	Cheer for the monks at Port Sarim. Equip a coif, steel plateskirt, and a sapphire necklace.	Coif, Steel Plateskirt, Unenchanted Sapphire Necklace	Port Sarim Docks by the Entrana Monks.
URI	Cheer in the Ogre Pen in the Training Camp. Show you are angry before you talk to me. Equip a green dragonhide body and chaps and a steel square shield.	Green Dragonhide Body and chaps, Steel Square Shield	King Lathas' Combat Training Camp, to the North of Ardougne. You must have completed the Biohazard Quest to enter the Training Camp.
URI	Clap in the main exam room in the Exam Center. Equip a white apron, green gnome boots, and leather gloves.	White Apron, Green Gnome Boots, Leather Gloves	Exam center at the Digsite.
URI	Clap on the top level of the mill, North of East Ardougne. Equip a blue gnome robe top, HAM robe bottom, and an unenchanted tiara.	Blue Gnome Robe Top (not turquoise), HAM Robe Bottom, Unenchanted Tiara	Top level of the mill North of Ardougne.
URI	Clap on the causeway to the Wizard's Tower. Equip an iron medium helmet, an emerald ring, and a white apron.	Iron Medium Helmet, Emerald Ring, White Apron	On the causeway (long bridge) that leads to the Wizard's Tower, South of Draynor Village.
URI	Cry in the Catherby ranging shop. Bow before you talk to me. Equip blue gnome boots, a hard leather body, and an unblessed silver sickle.	Blue Gnome Boots (not turquoise), Hard Leather Body, Unblessed Silver Sickle	Catherby Ranging Shop.
URI	Cry on top of the western tree in the Gnome Agility Arena. Indicate "no" before you talk to me. Equip a steel kiteshield, ring of forging, and green dragonhide chaps.	Steel Kiteshield, Ring of Forging, Green Dragonhide Chaps	Gnome Agility Training Course in the Gnome Stronghold. Cross the log at the beginning of the course, climb the netting to get into the tree, then climb the tree branch to the first platform.
URI	Dance a jig by the entrance to the fishing guild. Equip an emerald ring, a sapphire amulet, and a bronze chain body.	Emerald Ring, Sapphire Amulet, Bronze Chainbody	Fishing Guild Entrance
URI	Dance a jig under Shantay's Awning. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a pointed blue snail helmet, an air staff, and a bronze square shield.	Pointed Blue Snelm, Air Staff, Bronze Sq Shield	Shantay's Pass under the awning.
URI	Dance at the cat-doored pyramid in Sophanem. Beware of double agents! Equip a ring of life, an uncharged amulet of glory, and an adamant two-handed sword.	Ring of Life, Uncharged Amulet of Glory, Adamant 2h Sword	Sophanem.
URI	Dance at the crossroads north of Draynor. Equip an iron chain body, a sapphire ring, and a longbow.	Iron Chainbody, Sapphire Ring, Normal Wood Longbow	Crossroads North of Draynor Village on Eastern side.
URI	Dance in the centre of Canifis. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a green gnome robe top, mithril plate legs, and an iron two-handed sword.	Green Gnome Robe Top, Mithril Platelegs, Iron 2h Sword	Center of Canifis, in the grassy patch between all the buildings. You must have completed the Priest in Peril Quest to enter Canifis.
URI	Dance in the Party Room. Equip a steel full helmet, steel platebody, and an iron plateskirt.	Steel Full Helmet, Steel Platebody, Iron Plateskirt	Party Room in Falador.
URI	Dance in the shack in Lumbridge Swamp. Equip a bronze dagger, iron full helmet, and a gold ring.	Bronze Dagger, Iron Full Helmet, Gold Ring	The shack in Southeastern side of the Lumbridge Swamp.
URI	Headbang in the mine north of Al Kharid. Equip a desert shirt, leather gloves, and leather boots.	Desert Shirt, Leather Gloves, Leather Boots	Al Kharid mining location
URI	Jump for joy at the beehives. Equip a desert shirt, green gnome robe bottoms, and a steel axe.	Desert Shirt, Green Gnome Robe Bottoms, Steel Axe	Beehives between Seers Village and Catherby.
URI	Jump for joy in Yanille bank. Dance a jig before you talk to me. Equip a brown apron, adamantite medium helmet, and snakeskin chaps.	Brown Apron, Adamantite Medium Helmet, Snakeskin Chaps	Yanille Bank.
URI	Laugh in the Jokul's tent in the Mountain Camp. Beware of double agents! Equip a rune full helmet, blue dragonhide chaps, and a fire battlestaff.	Rune Full Helmet, Blue D'hide Chaps, Fire battlestaff	Jokul's Tent in the Northeast corner of Mountain Camp.
URI	Panic by the mausoleum in Morytania. Wave before you speak to me. Equip a mithril plate skirt, a maple longbow, and no boots.	Mithril Plateskirt, Maple Longbow, No Boots	Mausoleum in Morytania. You must have at least started the Creature of Fenkenstrain Quest to enter this area. Entrance is gained by going through the Experiment Dungeon.
URI	Panic by the pilot on White Wolf Mountain. Beware of double agents! Equip mithril platelegs, a ring of life, and a rune axe.	Mithril Platelegs, Ring of Life, Rune Axe	Gnome Pilot on White Wolf Mountain.
URI	Panic in the heart of the Haunted Woods. Beware of double agents! Have no items equipped when you do.	Nothing. (After panic emote, you can put on armour to fight the double agent. Remove it after the fight before doing emote again.)	Just East of the Fairy Ring in Haunted Woods (see this picture), Southeast of Fenkenstrain's Castle and the farming water pump. Must have completed Priest in Peril Quest to enter this area.
URI	Panic in the Limestone Mine. Equip bronze platelegs, a steel pickaxe, and a steel medium helmet.	Bronze platelegs, Steel Pickaxe, Steel Medium Helmet	Limestone Mine near the start to the Rag and Bone Man Quest.
URI	Panic on the pier where you catch the Fishing Trawler. Have nothing equipped at all when you do.	Nothing! I say nothing!!	Fishing Trawler Pier.
URI	Salute in the banana plantation. Beware of double agents! Equip a diamond ring, amulet of power, and nothing on your chest and legs.	Diamond Ring, Amulet of Power, NO chest piece or leggings	Banana Plantation on Karamja (there are 33 trees there).
URI	Shrug in the mine near Rimmington. Equip a gold necklace, a gold ring, and a bronze spear.	Gold Necklace, Gold Ring, Bronze Spear	Mining area between Rimmington and Port Sarim.
URI	Shrug in the Zamorak Temple found in the Eastern Wilderness. Beware of double agents! Equip rune plate legs, an iron plate body, and blue dragonhide vambraces.	Rune Platelegs, Iron Platebody, Blue D'hide Vambraces	Chaos Temple surrounded by lava, north of Varrock, in level 12 Wilderness.
URI	Spin At the crossroads north of Rimmington. Equip a green gnome hat, cream gnome top, and leather chaps.	Green Gnome Hat, Cream Gnome Top, Leather Chaps	Crossroads North of Rimmington near the Crafting Guild.
URI	Spin in Draynor Manor by the fountain. Equip an iron platebody, studded leather chaps, and a bronze full helmet.	Iron Platebody, Studded Leather Chaps, Bronze Full Helmet	Fountain on the Draynor Manor grounds.
URI	Spin on the bridge by the Barbarian Village. Salute before you talk to me. Equip purple gloves, a steel kiteshield, and a mithril full helmet.	Purple Gloves, Steel Kiteshield, Mithril Full Helmet	Bridge over River Lum between Barbarian Village and Varrock.
URI	Think under the lens in the Observatory. Spin before you talk to me. Equip a mithril chain body, green dragonhide chaps and a ruby amulet.	Mithril Chainbody, Green Dragonhide Chaps, Ruby Amulet	Observatory Southwest of Ardougne, North of Castle Wars. You must have at least started the Observatory Quest to enter.
URI	Think in the wheat field by the lumbridge mill. Equip a blue gnome robetop, a turquoise gnome robe bottom, and an oak shortbow.	Blue Gnome Robetop, Turquoise Gnome Bottom, Oak Shortbow	Wheat field outside the mill Northwest of Lumbridge.
URI	Wave along the south fence of the Lumber Yard. Equip a hard leather body, leather chaps, and a bronze axe.	Hard Leather Body, Leather Chaps, Bronze Axe	Southern fence of the Lumber Yard Northeast of Varrock.
URI	Wave on Mudskipper Point. Equip a black cape, leather chaps, and a steel mace.	Black Cape, Leather Chaps, Steel Mace	Mudskipper Point Southeast of Rimmington.
URI	Yawn in the Castle Wars lobby. Shrug before you talk to me. Equip a ruby amulet, a mithril scimitar, and a Wilderness Cape.	Ruby Amulet, Mithril Scimitar, any Wilderness Cape	Castle Wars lobby.
URI	Yawn in the rogue's general store. Beware of double agents! Equip an adamant square shield, blue dragon vambraces, and a rune pickaxe.	Adamant Square Shield, Blue D'hide Vambraces, Rune Pickaxe	General Store in Bandit Camp in level 23 wilderness, Northeast of the green dragons.
URI	Yawn in the Varrock library. Equip a green gnome robe top, HAM robe bottom, and an iron warhammer.	Green Gnome Robe Top, HAM Robe Bottom, Iron Warhammer	Varrock Library.
URI	Yawn in Draynor Marketplace. Equip studded leather chaps, an iron kiteshield, and a steel longsword.	Studded Leather Chaps, Iron Kiteshield, Steel Longsword	Draynor Marketplace, where Diango the toyseller's stall is.

ANAGRAM	A BAS	Saba	Northwest of Burthorpe (north of the Hero's Guild) in an unmarked cave to the Northwest
ANAGRAM	A ZEN SHE	Zenesha	East Ardougne market - platebody seller
ANAGRAM	ACE MATCH ELM	Cam the Camel	Al Kharid outside Duel Arena gate, Camulet *NOT* required.
ANAGRAM	AHA JAR	Jaraah	Duelling Arena hospital
ANAGRAM	AN PAINT TONIC	Captain Ninto	Dwarf Passage under White Wolf Mountain, near the beer area. (Requires Fishing Contest to enter.)
ANAGRAM	ARC O LINE	Caroline	East of Ardougne on the coast, at the Sea Slug quest start. After Kennith's Concerns quest she is upstairs in Kennith's house.
ANAGRAM	ARE COL	Oracle Ice	Mountain North of Falador
ANAGRAM	ARR! SO I AM A CRUST, AND?	Ramara du Croissant	Piscatoris forge, in the house with the furnace (requires completion of Swan Song quest)
ANAGRAM	BAIL TRIMS	Brimstail	Gnome Stronghold, East of the bridge on the West side of the Stronghold. Enter the hollowed rock, which leads to his cave
ANAGRAM	BY LOOK	Bolkoy	Upstairs in the Tree Gnome Village (the Maze)
ANAGRAM	C ON GAME HOC	Gnome Coach	Gnome Stronghold, outside the Gnomeball Field (he circles the whole field)
ANAGRAM	DT RUN B	Brundt	Rellekka chieftain, inside the Longhall in Rellekka
ANAGRAM	EEK ZERO OP	Zookeeper	Ardougne
ANAGRAM	EL OW	Lowe	Archery Store in Varrock
ANAGRAM	ERR CURE IT	Recruiter	Centre of town, West Ardougne. You must have started the Biohazard quest, or currently doing the Plague City quest.
ANAGRAM	GOBLIN KERN	King Bolren	Centre of Tree Gnome Village (the Maze)
ANAGRAM	GOT A BOY	Gabooty	Tai Bwo Wannai Village
ANAGRAM	GULAG RUN	Uglug Nar	South of Castle Wars at Jiggig.
ANAGRAM	HALT US	Luthas	Karamja Banana Plantation
ANAGRAM	HE DO POSE. IT IS CULTRRL, MK?	Riki the sculptor's model	Keldagrim Sculptor's studio, on northeast side of town.
ANAGRAM	ICY FE	Fycie	In a cave in Ogre Country South of Gu'tanoth, directly to the North of NPC Rantz, in the valley where the Chompy Bird Hunting quest start is
ANAGRAM	I EAT ITS CHART HINTS DO U	Shiratti the Custodian	Nardah
ANAGRAM	I FAFFY RUN	Fairy Nuff	(Clue requires Lost City quest.) Fairy Nuff is North of Lost City (Zanaris) bank. However, if you've started the Fairy Tale part 2 quest, get the certificate from the room north of the bank, then use Fairy Ring codes AIR, DLR, DJQ, AJS.  
ANAGRAM	LAND DOOMD	Odd Old Man	Rag and Bone Man quest start, road east of Varrock Earth Runecrafting Altar, north of Limestone Mine.  
ANAGRAM	LARK IN DOG	King Roald	Varrock Palace 
ANAGRAM	ME AM THE CALC	Cam the Camel	Al Kharid outside Duel Arena gate, Camulet *NOT* required.  
ANAGRAM	ME IF	Femi	Next to the cart at the gate to Tree Gnome Stronghold 
ANAGRAM	NOD MED	Edmond	East Ardougne, in the house North of the Castle 
ANAGRAM	O BIRDZ A ZANY EN PC	Cap'n Izzy No Beard	Brimhaven Agility Arena 
ANAGRAM	OK CO	Cook	Lumbridge Castle 
ANAGRAM	OR ZINC FUMES WARD	Wizard Frumscone	Yanille Magic Guild basement, need 66 magic (boosters allowed) to enter. 
ANAGRAM	PROFS LOSE WRONG PIE	Professor Onglewip	Draynor wizard tower ground floor or outside 
ANAGRAM	PEATY PERT	Party Pete	Falador 
ANAGRAM	R AK MI	Karim	Al-Kharid kebab seller 
ANAGRAM	RED ART TANS	Trader Stan	Owner of Charter Ships, speak to him at the southern dock in Port Sarim. 
ANAGRAM	SEQUIN DIRGE	Queen Sigrid	Queen of Etceteria, in the castle. You must have completed Fremennik Trials quest to go there. If you have completed Blood Runs Deep, she will be in the Miscellania castle on the first floor (2nd floor USA) instead.  
ANAGRAM	SNAH	Hans	The confused lad around Lumbridge Castle 
ANAGRAM	THEM CALL CAME	Cam the Camel	Al Kharid outside Duel Arena gate, Camulet *NOT* required.  
