Beckon in Tai Bwo Wannai. Clap before you talk to me. Equip green dragonhide chaps, a ring of duelling, and a mithril medium helmet.|Green Dragonhide Chaps, Ring of Duelling, Mithril Medium Helmet|Tai Bwo Wannai on Karamja.
Beckon in the digsite near the eastern winch. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a green gnome hat, snakeskin boots, and iron pickaxe.|Green gnome hat, Snakeskin Boots,Iron Pickaxe|Eastern Winch in the Digsite. There are iron pickaxes available if you descend down it.
Blow a kiss between the tables in Shilo Village bank. Beware of double agents! Equip a blue mystic hat, bone spear, and rune plate body.|Blue Mystic Hat, Bone Spear, Rune Platebody|In Shilo Village bank, between the two tables. You must have at least started the Shilo Village Quest to enter Shilo Village.
Blow a raspberry at the monkey cage in Ardougne Zoo. Equip a studded leather body, bronze platelegs, and a normal staff with no orb.|Studded leather body, Bronze platelegs, Staff (can buy in Varrock shop or Mage Guild)|Facing the monkey cage in Ardougne Zoo.
Blow a raspberry in the Fishing Guild bank. Beware of double agents! Equip an elemental shield, blue dragonhide chaps, and rune warhammer.|Elemental Shield, Blue D'hide Chaps, Rune Warhammer|Anywhere in Fishing Guild Bank. You must have at least level 68 fishing to enter the Fishing Guild.
Blow raspberries outside the entrance to Keep Le Faye. Equip a coif, an iron platebody, and leather gloves.|Coif, Iron Platebody, Leather Gloves|Keep Le Faye
Bow at the top of the lighthouse. Beware of double agents! Equip a blue dragonhide body, blue dragonhide vambraces, and no jewelry.|Blue D'hide Body, Blue D'hide Vambraces, No Jewelry|The lighthouse Southwest of Rellekka. You must have at least started the Horror from the Deep Quest to enter the lighthouse.
Bow in the ticket office of the Duel Arena. Equip an iron chain body, leather chaps, and a coif.|Iron Chainbody, Leather Chaps, Coif|Building just North of the Duel Arena gate in Al-Kharid.
Bow outside the entrance to the Legend's Guild. Equip iron platelegs, an emerald amulet, and an oak longbow.|Iron Platelegs, Emerald Amulet, Oak Longbow|Legend's Guild gate, outside.
Cheer at the games room. Have nothing equipped at all when you do.|Absolutely nothing|Inside the Games Room in Burthorpe.
Cheer at the Druid's Circle. Equip a blue wizard hat, a bronze two-handed sword, and HAM Boots.|Blue Wizard Hat, Bronze 2h Sword, HAM boots|Druid's Circle in Taverly, just to the Northwest of the Members gate to Falador.
Cheer in the Barbarian Agility Arena. Headbang before you talk to me. Equip a steel plate body, maple shortbow, and a Wilderness cape.|Steel Platebody, Maple Shortbow, any Wilderness Cape|Anywhere inside the Barbarian Agility Arena.
Cheer for the monks at Port Sarim. Equip a coif, steel plateskirt, and a sapphire necklace.|Coif, Steel Plateskirt, Unenchanted Sapphire Necklace|Port Sarim Docks by the Entrana Monks.
Cheer in the Ogre Pen in the Training Camp. Show you are angry before you talk to me. Equip a green dragonhide body and chaps and a steel square shield.|Green Dragonhide Body and chaps, Steel Square Shield|King Lathas' Combat Training Camp, to the North of Ardougne. You must have completed the Biohazard Quest to enter the Training Camp.
Clap in the main exam room in the Exam Center. Equip a white apron, green gnome boots, and leather gloves.|White Apron, Green Gnome Boots, Leather Gloves|Exam center at the Digsite.
Clap on the top level of the mill, North of East Ardougne. Equip a blue gnome robe top, HAM robe bottom, and an unenchanted tiara.|Blue Gnome Robe Top (not turquoise), HAM Robe Bottom, Unenchanted Tiara|Top level of the mill North of Ardougne.
Clap on the causeway to the Wizard's Tower. Equip an iron medium helmet, an emerald ring, and a white apron.|Iron Medium Helmet, Emerald Ring, White Apron|On the causeway (long bridge) that leads to the Wizard's Tower, South of Draynor Village.
Cry in the Catherby ranging shop. Bow before you talk to me. Equip blue gnome boots, a hard leather body, and an unblessed silver sickle.|Blue Gnome Boots (not turquoise), Hard Leather Body, Unblessed Silver Sickle|Catherby Ranging Shop.
Cry on top of the western tree in the Gnome Agility Arena. Indicate "no" before you talk to me. Equip a steel kiteshield, ring of forging, and green dragonhide chaps.|Steel Kiteshield, Ring of Forging, Green Dragonhide Chaps|Gnome Agility Training Course in the Gnome Stronghold. Cross the log at the beginning of the course, climb the netting to get into the tree, then climb the tree branch to the first platform.
Dance a jig by the entrance to the fishing guild. Equip an emerald ring, a sapphire amulet, and a bronze chain body.|Emerald Ring, Sapphire Amulet, Bronze Chainbody|Fishing Guild Entrance
Dance a jig under Shantay's Awning. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a pointed blue snail helmet, an air staff, and a bronze square shield.|Pointed Blue Snelm, Air Staff, Bronze Sq Shield|Shantay's Pass under the awning.
Dance at the cat-doored pyramid in Sophanem. Beware of double agents! Equip a ring of life, an uncharged amulet of glory, and an adamant two-handed sword.|Ring of Life, Uncharged Amulet of Glory, Adamant 2h Sword|Sophanem.
Dance at the crossroads north of Draynor. Equip an iron chain body, a sapphire ring, and a longbow.|Iron Chainbody, Sapphire Ring, Normal Wood Longbow|Crossroads North of Draynor Village on Eastern side.
Dance in the centre of Canifis. Bow before you talk to me. Equip a green gnome robe top, mithril plate legs, and an iron two-handed sword.|Green Gnome Robe Top, Mithril Platelegs, Iron 2h Sword|Center of Canifis, in the grassy patch between all the buildings. You must have completed the Priest in Peril Quest to enter Canifis.
Dance in the Party Room. Equip a steel full helmet, steel platebody, and an iron plateskirt.|Steel Full Helmet, Steel Platebody, Iron Plateskirt|Party Room in Falador.
Dance in the shack in Lumbridge Swamp. Equip a bronze dagger, iron full helmet, and a gold ring.|Bronze Dagger, Iron Full Helmet, Gold Ring|The shack in Southeastern side of the Lumbridge Swamp.
Headbang in the mine north of Al Kharid. Equip a desert shirt, leather gloves, and leather boots.|Desert Shirt, Leather Gloves, Leather Boots|Al Kharid mining location
Jump for joy at the beehives. Equip a desert shirt, green gnome robe bottoms, and a steel axe.|Desert Shirt, Green Gnome Robe Bottoms, Steel Axe|Beehives between Seers Village and Catherby.
Jump for joy in Yanille bank. Dance a jig before you talk to me. Equip a brown apron, adamantite medium helmet, and snakeskin chaps.|Brown Apron, Adamantite Medium Helmet, Snakeskin Chaps|Yanille Bank.
Laugh in the Jokul's tent in the Mountain Camp. Beware of double agents! Equip a rune full helmet, blue dragonhide chaps, and a fire battlestaff.|Rune Full Helmet, Blue D'hide Chaps, Fire battlestaff|Jokul's Tent in the Northeast corner of Mountain Camp.
Panic by the mausoleum in Morytania. Wave before you speak to me. Equip a mithril plate skirt, a maple longbow, and no boots.|Mithril Plateskirt, Maple Longbow, No Boots|Mausoleum in Morytania. You must have at least started the Creature of Fenkenstrain Quest to enter this area. Entrance is gained by going through the Experiment Dungeon.
Panic by the pilot on White Wolf Mountain. Beware of double agents! Equip mithril platelegs, a ring of life, and a rune axe.|Mithril Platelegs, Ring of Life, Rune Axe|Gnome Pilot on White Wolf Mountain.
Panic in the heart of the Haunted Woods. Beware of double agents! Have no items equipped when you do.|Nothing. (After panic emote, you can put on armour to fight the double agent. Remove it after the fight before doing emote again.)|Just East of the Fairy Ring in Haunted Woods (see this picture), Southeast of Fenkenstrain's Castle and the farming water pump. Must have completed Priest in Peril Quest to enter this area.
Panic in the Limestone Mine. Equip bronze platelegs, a steel pickaxe, and a steel medium helmet.|Bronze platelegs, Steel Pickaxe, Steel Medium Helmet|Limestone Mine near the start to the Rag and Bone Man Quest.
Panic on the pier where you catch the Fishing Trawler. Have nothing equipped at all when you do.|Nothing! I say nothing!!|Fishing Trawler Pier.
Salute in the banana plantation. Beware of double agents! Equip a diamond ring, amulet of power, and nothing on your chest and legs.|Diamond Ring, Amulet of Power, NO chest piece or leggings|Banana Plantation on Karamja (there are 33 trees there).
Shrug in the mine near Rimmington. Equip a gold necklace, a gold ring, and a bronze spear.|Gold Necklace, Gold Ring, Bronze Spear|Mining area between Rimmington and Port Sarim.
Shrug in the Zamorak Temple found in the Eastern Wilderness. Beware of double agents! Equip rune plate legs, an iron plate body, and blue dragonhide vambraces.|Rune Platelegs, Iron Platebody, Blue D'hide Vambraces|Chaos Temple surrounded by lava, north of Varrock, in level 12 Wilderness.
Spin At the crossroads north of Rimmington. Equip a green gnome hat, cream gnome top, and leather chaps.|Green Gnome Hat, Cream Gnome Top, Leather Chaps|Crossroads North of Rimmington near the Crafting Guild.
Spin in Draynor Manor by the fountain. Equip an iron platebody, studded leather chaps, and a bronze full helmet.|Iron Platebody, Studded Leather Chaps, Bronze Full Helmet|Fountain on the Draynor Manor grounds.
Spin on the bridge by the Barbarian Village. Salute before you talk to me. Equip purple gloves, a steel kiteshield, and a mithril full helmet.|Purple Gloves, Steel Kiteshield, Mithril Full Helmet|Bridge over River Lum between Barbarian Village and Varrock.
Think under the lens in the Observatory. Spin before you talk to me. Equip a mithril chain body, green dragonhide chaps and a ruby amulet.|Mithril Chainbody, Green Dragonhide Chaps, Ruby Amulet|Observatory Southwest of Ardougne, North of Castle Wars. You must have at least started the Observatory Quest to enter.
Think in the wheat field by the lumbridge mill. Equip a blue gnome robetop, a turquoise gnome robe bottom, and an oak shortbow.|Blue Gnome Robetop, Turquoise Gnome Bottom, Oak Shortbow|Wheat field outside the mill Northwest of Lumbridge.
Wave along the south fence of the Lumber Yard. Equip a hard leather body, leather chaps, and a bronze axe.|Hard Leather Body, Leather Chaps, Bronze Axe|Southern fence of the Lumber Yard Northeast of Varrock.
Wave on Mudskipper Point. Equip a black cape, leather chaps, and a steel mace.|Black Cape, Leather Chaps, Steel Mace|Mudskipper Point Southeast of Rimmington.
Yawn in the Castle Wars lobby. Shrug before you talk to me. Equip a ruby amulet, a mithril scimitar, and a Wilderness Cape.|Ruby Amulet, Mithril Scimitar, any Wilderness Cape|Castle Wars lobby.
Yawn in the rogue's general store. Beware of double agents! Equip an adamant square shield, blue dragon vambraces, and a rune pickaxe.|Adamant Square Shield, Blue D'hide Vambraces, Rune Pickaxe|General Store in Bandit Camp in level 23 wilderness, Northeast of the green dragons.
Yawn in the Varrock library. Equip a green gnome robe top, HAM robe bottom, and an iron warhammer.|Green Gnome Robe Top, HAM Robe Bottom, Iron Warhammer|Varrock Library.
Yawn in Draynor Marketplace. Equip studded leather chaps, an iron kiteshield, and a steel longsword.|Studded Leather Chaps, Iron Kiteshield, Steel Longsword|Draynor Marketplace, where Diango the toyseller's stall is.
